CASMINST-5272: Linting (#2310)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: RELEASE_NOTES.md

### Miscellaneous functionality

* Integrated Kyverno Native Policy Management engine
* Ansible has been added to NCNs
* Added support for the Replace/Remove/Add NCN procedures
* Integrated Argo Server workflow engine for Kubernetes
* Technology Preview: BOS V2 (Boot Orchestration) Asynchronous boot state handling and CRUS replacement for rolling upgrade
* Technology Preview: Tenant and Partition Management Service (TAPMS)
* Support for setting of Bios Settings through SCSD

> * Ability to set power cap on n number of computes

Author: ```suggestion
* Ability to set power cap on multiple computes
```

### New hardware support

* Olympus Antero Blade (AMD Genoa) with Slingshot 11
* Aruba JL705C, JL706C, JL707C management network switches

### Automation improvements

* TBD

### Base platform component upgrades

| Platform Component           | Version        |
|------------------------------|----------------|
| Ceph                         | `16.6.29`      |
| `containerd`                 | `1.5.10`       |

> | `istio`                      | `1.10.6`       |

Author: ```suggestion
| Istio                        | `1.10.6`       |
```
